DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/net-agent/other-installation/install-net-agent-docker-container.mdx

  - Other installation
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'APM for .NET: how to install the .NET agent on a Docker container.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: APM for .NET: how to install the .NET agent on a Docker container.
```
